Move search JS files into new directory structure (#8070)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE-3.x.md

+        <controller>Sulu\Content\UserInterface\Controller\Website\ContentController::indexAction</controller>
```

### Page, CustomUrl, Snippet, Search JS includes path changed

> The paths to the page, custom url and snippet bundle has changed so its JS package
> paths need also be changed. This step is normally automatically done by `bin/console sulu:admin:update-build` command,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some bundles have undergone path changes, requiring corresponding updates to their JS package
paths. This step is normally automatically handled by the `bin/console sulu:admin:update-build` command,
```
